I recently applied for a sysops job and learned I would have to develop some
of my skills in order to contend not just in that field, but any field into which I wished to emerge. I started right away with the ultimate goal of being able to
exit the field I'm in currently (working on an anti-spam solution) and gracefully
enter a new one. 

On my to do list were:

1. Learn Docker as thoroughly as possible:
    - I dove right in and revamped my own web presence from an extremely basic
      Apache-served HTML copy of my resume into a three-tier Wordpress site
      running from Docker containers, behind an Nginx proxy. My database also
      runs inside a docker container, and all the backups and configuration files
      I might need to change are held in volumes on the host machine (an EC2 
      instance). The backup process could be simplified, I'm sure. As it is I gzip
      a copy of the directory the container runs from and then scp that to my main
      machine.
    - Next, I'd like to rework the whole thing again. I'm planning on running
      Wordpress, but I'd like to use AWS S3 for media management and AWS RDS for
      my database needs. This is less based on my needs, I suppose, as getting 
      used to how data and networking are managed with docker containers.
2. Learn Git:
    - This is basic and I put it off for a really long time, thinking "I'm not a
      developer, why would I use git?" but I do get how it's convenient, 
      especially after working with cloud-formation and seeing how images are
      pulled from repositories. I actually threw my resume.html onto github 
      (from command line to practice adding files to the staging area, and then
      commiting them to a repository.
    - During my phone interview I was told that particular company uses Git Flow 
      so I looked into it and found it to be really intuitive. I now keep a 
      separate branch for development running for my little python project.
3. Learn Python:
    - This one is intense, and was daunting (and I'm NOT going to claim I've 
      learned Python yet). I started a class on Udemy to learn Python 3, and at
      the time of this writing I'm roughly 25% of the way through that class. 
    - I've started a Python project of my own. The first version was a rough
      die roller capable of taking user input to calculate the number of sides
      on the die. It would then return a number and end. The most recent iteration      does the same as before, but then asks the user if they'd like to roll
      again, takes more input for the number of sides, and continues until the 
      user replies 'no'.
    - I will continue learning Python, but had to sort of slow that down to focus       on Docker and some other technologies I wasn't familiar with before.
